# Pigeon App
## Expected Functions

- Adding a person to the directory.
- Removing a person from the directory.
- Adding contact information to a person in the directory.
- Removing contact information from a person in the directory.
- Listing all contacts in the directory.
- Retrieving detailed information about a person, including their contact information.
- Generating a report of directory statistics based on the location of the contacts.
- Listing the reports generated by the system.
- Retrieving detailed information about a specific report generated by the system.
## Technical Design

- Contacts: 
The system should theoretically allow an unlimited number of person records. Each person should be able to have unlimited associated contact information.
- Required data structure fields:
    - UUID
    - First Name
    - Last Name
    - Firm
    - Contact Information:
    - Type: Phone Number, Email Address, Location
    - Content
- Reports:
Report requests will operate asynchronously. When a user requests a report, the system should handle it sequentially in the background without creating bottlenecks. Once the report is completed, the user should be able to observe the status as "completed" through the endpoint that lists reports.
- Required report content:
    - Location
    - Number of contacts registered in the directory at that location
    - Number of phone numbers registered in the directory at that location
- Required data structure fields:
    - UUID
    - Report Request Date
    - Report Status (In Progress, Completed)

## Technical Expectations

Technologies to Be Used
- .NET Core
- Git
- PostgreSQL or MongoDB
- Message Queue system (e.g., Kafka)

## Notes

- There would be necessity parameters for all models, however the system (which should be implemented) had solid requirements.
- Some features such as logger mechanism are not implemented.
